women are supposed to be in the kitchen
barefoot and pregnant like that's what
women are made for they're supposed to
be making babies and cooking in men's
Mills okay that's how it was back in the
day when my grandma or grandpa was
around but no not today Bobo let's talk
about gender roles let's talk about
gender roles let's talk about it I
touched on it a bit in another video
that I'm gonna upload some but let's
talk about it I think and this is just
how my mine is set up things have
changed so much the expectation or the
standard that used to be some people
still trying to follow it subconsciously
and I do too subconsciously in certain
aspects still hold the man to certain
standards that aren't really the norm
nowadays or is it necessary nowadays
because things have changed so much back
in the table women were barefoot
pregnant and in the kitchen slaving over
a stove it was probably more than likely
like that because she wasn't able to
work wouldn't weren't able to work or
men men men we get all the jobs men will
be out there doing the work wouldn't we
usually stay home and take care of the
kids cooking clean it was easy for a man
to take care of home go to work take
care home cover whatever the bills need
to be covered because you know that
wouldn't mean he feels better today you
can do it by yourself it was easy you
know but nowadays we've got take care
with God
ripp got cable we've got lights we got
we got Carlos we got car insurance we
got life insurance we got health
insurance we have home association fees
we have so much so many more bills now
and the quality of life would be like
for the average person making the
average amount of money maybe a little
rough one one person trying to hold down
a whole household and all these bills by
themselves now we live in a day and age
where women can vote women can work
women can make just as much money as a
man women go to college they have
degrees they're starting their own
businesses
it's a totally different day and age
right now women are just as busy and
hustling just as hard as men nowadays
therefore gender roles are open to
change it's okay for man to cook it's a
lot of male chefs out there that really
know how to get it in in the kitchen
it's okay for you guys to share
responsibilities who raising the kids or
washing the clothes will cook in well
taking out the trash women even my lawns
I love lawn I mow lawns I've done that
so it's like you have to set the
standard on what works for your
relationship you can't really base how
women and men supposed to carry
themselves and relationships and who's
supposed to be doing what because things
have changed so much so you have to do
what works for your household you got
some men they just stay home and their
house husbands if it works for their
particular relationship all right what's
wrong with that women have been doing it
for years if she make us run way more
money to him and he went to retirement
still my raising kids great if it works
with him great like I said we have male
chefs he wants to do all the cooking
wonderful perfect do it if she loves in
law and better to him let her be alone
too long I'll let her get out there and
do it specially she likes doing it don't
mind doing it you know if she's better
at of course
do it if he is better with finances in
budgeting and saving let him handle the
finances let him you know allocate the
family's money how it needs to be
allocated
jitinder rows things have changed if
he's very putting ponytails in his
daughter's hair better than the mother
let him do that there's nothing wrong
there's nothing emasculating about it if
one person does something better than
the other person in relationship assign
that role to them whether it's
traditionally meant for the male or the
female assign that road to whomever does
it better it just works amazingly that
way in my opinion it works amazingly
that way but sometimes we have this very
ignorant perception of what things are
supposed to be and it kind of affects us
and relationships were Oh a man gotta
pay for dates all the time I mean it's
really really nice I mean most men are
very still shippers and they do that but
I mean I don't I don't have a problem if
I'm asking you out on a date I don't
have a problem paying for the date you
probably want to stay home and save your
money here go mine
preyus ID let's go out to eat you know
spend the money go ahead I'm go ahead
treat you today whatever you wanted was
mine ones go out boom I'm here for
gender roles are no longer except for we
we don't have babies we women are gonna
have the babies we're gonna be Craig new
we don't go through the pain we gonna
push out the babies to job then came
black if there was a way best believe my
husband without any baby that we have
from now on so
I have no kids but it does look like it
is what it is we have to be open-minded
we have to pay attention to the changes
around us how the world is evolving
whether it be good or bad and we have to
adjust if we have to be able to adjust
and keep up and be realistic in the
times that we're living in today and
things are totally different Destin's
that's just me
so we haven't problems in your
relationship were you somebody's pushing
and nobody's pulling and it's just it's
just a constant battle between you guys
step outside the box for a minute and
just look at the situation in the hole
look at how things have changed compared
to your grandparents and your parents
things are different
do what works for you in this day and
age right now stick all right you guys
I'm done enough let's talk a little more
I'm done why